.TH sfstack 1  "APRIL 2019" Madagascar "Madagascar Manuals"
.SH NAME
sfstack \- Stack a dataset over one of the dimensions.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfstack < in.rsf > out.rsf scale= axis=2 rms=n norm=y min=n max=n prod=n
.SH COMMENTS

This operation is adjoint to sfspray.

.SH PARAMETERS
.PD 0
.TP
.I int    
.B axis
.B =2
.R  	which axis to stack. If axis=0, stack over all dimensions
.TP
.I bool   
.B max
.B =n
.R  [y/n]	If y, find maximum instead of stack.  Ignores rms and norm.
.TP
.I bool   
.B min
.B =n
.R  [y/n]	If y, find minimum instead of stack.  Ignores rms and norm.
.TP
.I bool   
.B norm
.B =y
.R  [y/n]	If y, normalize by fold.
.TP
.I bool   
.B prod
.B =n
.R  [y/n]	If y, find product instead of stack.  Ignores rms and norm.
.TP
.I bool   
.B rms
.B =n
.R  [y/n]	If y, compute the root-mean-square instead of stack.
.TP
.I floats 
.B scale
.B =
.R  	optionally scale before stacking  [n2]
.SH USED IN
.TP
.I bei/dpmv/krchdmo
.TP
.I bei/trimo/all
.TP
.I bei/trimo/subsamp
.TP
.I bei/vela/strat
.TP
.I bei/vela/vscan
.TP
.I cwp/geo2006TimeShiftImagingCondition/flat
.TP
.I cwp/geo2007StereographicImagingCondition/flat4
.TP
.I cwp/geo2007StereographicImagingCondition/gaus1
.TP
.I cwp/geo2007StereographicImagingCondition/sigsbee2
.TP
.I cwp/geo2008InterferometricImagingCondition/sigs2
.TP
.I cwp/geo2008IsotropicAngleDomainElasticRTM/marm2oneA
.TP
.I cwp/geo2011WideAzimuthAngleDecomposition/flatEICangle
.TP
.I cwp/geo2011WideAzimuthAngleDecomposition/seam357
.TP
.I data/alaska/line31-81-m8r
.TP
.I data/freeusp/land
.TP
.I data/nankai/data
.TP
.I data/nankai/shots
.TP
.I data/seam-phase1-2d/cvs
.TP
.I data/teapotdome/nmostack
.TP
.I eeg/marchenko/example
.TP
.I gallery/twohalf/kirMulti
.TP
.I gee/lsq/lomask
.TP
.I gee/lsq/puck
.TP
.I gee/prc/sep94
.TP
.I geo384h/hw2/helix
.TP
171 more examples listed in:
.TP
/home/raptor/rsfsrc/share/doc/madagascar/html/sfstack.html
.SH SOURCE
.I system/main/stack.c
.SH DOCUMENTATION
.BR http://ahay.org/wiki/Guide_to_madagascar_programs#sfstack
.SH VERSION
2.1-git
